APM Security hub (#8017)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/security/tracer_span_modification.md

---

> title: Agent Span Modification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Tracer Span Modification
```

kind: documentation
description: "Configure the Datadog Tracer to modify or discard spans for security or fine-tuning purposes."
---

## Post-Processing Traces

> The tracing libraries are designed to be extensible. Customers may consider writing a custom post-processor to intercept Spans then adjust or discard them accordingly (e.g. based on a regular expressions). For example, this could be achieved with the following constructs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracing libraries are extensible. You can write a custom post-processor to intercept spans and adjust or discard them accordingly (fore example, based on a regular expression match). See the following examples:
```
